map orc
a map to orc enclave by Togarmah
    One day I got a quest to assassinate the Roman senator. I was still
young and really didn't know where could I find Rome nor how dangerous the
trip might be. So, together with my good friend, Papa the Orcish Monk, we 
went through the dark forest of Haon-dor, searching the road to Rome. It 
was night and only my Gnomish eyes could look through the darkness of the
woods. To cut the long story short, we encountered the huge green dragon, 
and Papa died. I fled. Papa run back, to get his stuff back, but was naked 
and disoriented. The dragon killed him second time. I managed to return 
safely, Gods only know how.
    That part of the forest got my attention now, and few days after, we
formed a big expedition to explore it. There were Irmo, Olaf, Papa and me.
We were all around level 6 and considered our group a pretty mean then. We
left Midgaard early in the morning, having whole sunny day in front of us.
Soon, we left the western gates of the city far behind us, as the forest
became more and more darker. After some time, a huge tree blocked our way,
so we went south, reaching west when we could. An enourmous spider web
appearedv in front of us, the place travellers call Arachnos, so we backed
up east few times and continued south and west. The fact this was the green 
dragon territory made us very cautios (okay... scared!). Moving around for 
some we managed to find a giant cave, the green dragon's lair. Of course,
we went in. Nobody was home (ah!) and we found a large round shield, probably
belonging to dragon's last lunch. Olaf was happy to have the shield. More to
the west, it happened. We bumped into the green dragon, totaly unexpected! 
Somehow, we all managed to flee and get together, then we run, and run for 
some time, mostly to west and north. We came to a small clearing, and took a 
needed rest, discussing what happend in the forest few minutes ago. 
    And then I noticed the table, I bumped on few days ago when Papa was 
killed two times by the dragon. This was the territory of the orcs. We 
encountered orc hunters as we progressed further. They were aggressive, but 
no threat to our group. Then, we found their home, a cave dug in the foot 
of the mountain. Lots of orcish woman and children were there, together with
their chief. I won't say what happened then *grin*. And there was also this
huge granite door inside the cave, that we couldn't open nor we could find 
a key for it. Too bad we didn't have one of those skilful thieves with
us. What's behind that door will still be a mistery for us. Maybe we'll return
some day to this area again. Late in the night, we came back to Midgaard,
having this day full of adventure behind us... I won't finish here, all sweet
and softly, because the damn city gates were closed! Oh, well, a nice little
sleep in the woods. What could possibly go wrong?


                                            By Togarmah, Gnome Mage
                      The 23th Day of the Month of Grand Struggle, Year 227
					